.\" Manpage for hifire
.\" 
.\" $Id: hifire.1 43 2009-08-10 16:07:40Z lxu $
.TH HIFIRE 1  "August 10, 2009" "version 0.1.0" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
.B hifire 
\- A strategy\-based I/O replayer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hifire
[\-h] [\-v] [options] 
.I device
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B hifire 
is a flexibile and accuraty I/O trace replay tool, which is designed for scalable accurately replaying
file system trace from both device level and file system level.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
\-h, --help
display help
.TP 
\-v, --version
display version information
.TP 
\-f, --file=\fIFILE\f
set input trace file
.TP
\-o, --output=\fIFILE\f
set output file( default "result.log" )
.TP
\-c, --capacity=\fINUM\f
set device capacity(KB)
.TP
\---max-operations=\fINUN\f	
set max number of entries for replaying.
.TP
\---max-time=\fINUM\f
set max time for replaying.
.TP
\-i, --time-scale=\fINUM\f
set time scale( default 1, faster 2+ ). 
Use this parameter to set hifire running the trace how many times faster.
.TP
\-a, --range-scale=\fINUM\f
set range scale( default 1, bigger 2+ ).
This parameter is used for enlarge the bytes of each trace entry. 

.SS Performance options:
.TP
\-z, --thread-num=\fINUM\f	
set the number of total threads working in this program.
.TP
\-p, --policy\f
Scheduler policy. Currently, hifire only supports "afap"(as fast as possible) and 
"pool"(thread-pool) scheduler. The default schduler is thread pool.

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
Run hifire with 8 threads and default schduler ( "pool" ).
.B hifire --thread-num 8 --input Finance1.spc /dev/sdc
.TP 
Run hifire with 4 threads, "afap" scheduler, 2 times faster and customized result file.
.B hifire --thread-num 4 --policy afap --time-range 2.0 --input Finance1.spc --output result-4thds-afap-2.0faster.log /dev/sdc



.SH BUGS
To report bugs to author, <lxu@cse.unl.edu>
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Lei Xu <lxu@cse.unl.edu>
.\".SH HISTORY
.SH SEE ALSO 
.BR iozone(1),postmark(1),bonnie(1)

